Job Market Paper: 
Title: Targeting with Operational Constraints.
Authors: Yi-Wen Chen, George Gui, Eva Ascarza.
Paper Link: None
Paper Status: Job Market Paper
Abstract: Most services operate under capacity constraints—limits in staffing, infrastructure, or system bandwidth that shape how well they can respond to fluctuations in demand. When firms use targeted marketing interventions to stimulate demand, these interventions can unintentionally overload operational capacity, resulting in service disruptions that negatively affect all all customers. Such spillover effects, or interference effects, are often overlooked in existing approaches to policy design, which typically assume that treatment effects are isolated and independent. We propose a comprehensive methodological framework for designing targeting policies that explicitly accounts for operational constraints and their spillover effects. Our framework first characterizes the conditional marginal effect of treatment on market-level outcomes, explicitly decomposing it into direct and congestion-mediated components that capture capacity-induced spillovers. We then embed these marginal effects into an optimization problem that allocates treatment across customers to maximize aggregate outcomes subject to operational constraints, thereby deriving the capacity-aware targeting policy. 

Working Paper:
Title: Policy-Aware Sampling: Prioritizing Consequential Customers for Optimized Targeting Policies
Authors: Yi-Wen Chen, Eva Ascarza, Oded Netzer.
Paper Link: https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=5044549
Paper Status: Invite Revision at Journal of Marketing Research
Abstract: Firms often rely on randomized experiments to estimate customer-level treatment effects for targeting policies. Standard ``test-then-learn'' approaches typically sample customers uniformly to optimize estimation accuracy but ignore economic objectives, leading to statistically sound yet suboptimal targeting policies. We propose a \,\textit{policy-aware sampling} strategy\,---\,that directly incorporates the firm's profit-maximizing objective into the selection of which customers to sample in the experiment. Specifically, we introduce \textit{expected profit loss (EPL)}, a criterion that quantifies customers' learning value by measuring the financial impact of treatment effect estimation errors on targeting profitability. We show that allocating experimental resources based on EPL achieves near-optimality with theoretical guarantees, and develop a sequential sampling algorithm that prioritizes these consequential customers with highest EPLs for practical implementation.

Using simulations and two empirical applications, we show that our approach yields more profitable targeting policies than existing methods. Across both applications, our approach improves targeting performance by 5\% to 10\% in profit terms relative to benchmark methods, and achieves comparable outcomes with up to 97\% fewer experimental samples, highlighting substantial gains in both targeting effectiveness and data efficiency. Our results underscore the importance of aligning experimental design and accuracy considerations with business objectives. 


Title: Dual Monetization on Creator Platforms: The Interplay Between Advertising Revenue and Brand Sponsorship
Authors: Yi-Wen Chen and Kinshuk Jerath. 
Paper link: https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=5907263
Paper Status: None
Abstract: Platforms featuring creator content generate revenue by showing ads against this content, and share this revenue with creators. In addition, brands pay creators upon including sponsored messages about their offerings in the content. We develop a game theory model to study the intricate strategic interactions that arise among the platform, brands, and creators in this ecosystem. A creator decides content quality and whether to include sponsored elements, where inclusion of sponsored elements implies ``dual monetization'' for the creator through the ad revenue shared by the platform and the payment from the brand for including sponsored elements in the content. Consumers like organic content but dislike both ads and sponsored content. We show that brand sponsorship weakly benefits the platform through a reduced revenue sharing rate because it can rely on the brand to partially compensate the creator. The creator may be worse off, even with two sources of income, because she may need to produce higher-quality content therefore incurring higher content production costs. Consumers benefit when content quality enhancements outweigh their aversion to sponsored elements. The total welfare of the ecosystem is weakly higher. Our model offers several actionable insights for practitioners and policy makers.  